Hey big brother
Why did the second uncle put the clue here?
You wait for me here, I'll go in and have a look. Hmm.
Brother, didn't I tell you to wait outside?
I don't worry about you alone
It looks like it's been deserted for a long time
And not only that.
The knife marks on the door look very old
I'm guessing there was a spear battle here years ago
Big brother, look, there's a footprint here
Still wet
Is there anyone
Did brother bring any weapons? Oh yes
Hey kitchen knife
Are you kidding me?
Our well controls weapons very strictly
It's hard enough for me to bring out a kitchen knife
It's a dry well.
The space inside is quite damaged.
What should I do? Go down and see. Hmm.
Wow bro
It's so dark in here!
Did you bring a torch?
Oh, I brought it. I brought it.
Condition unknown
Be careful!
Oh big brother look
There's a big hole.